
Character Endings:

Void:
(If Leeroy didn’t retreat)
Void ascended the throne as queen after the war.
It is said that Leeroy was forever by her side she matured into a fine ruler
Their son would grow into a great hero

(If Leeroy retreated)
Leeroy died shortly after the war from his wounds sustained in battle, leaving his lady with a child. Despite being heartbroken, Void continued to prove herself a great heir to her family’s name. 
This child would prove himself a great hero one day

Leeroy: 
He married his liege shortly after the war and ascended as the 24th king of the kingdom.
It is said he tried many a time to give his nation an actual name, but his cries were ignored by the court.

Tim: 
(If Tam and Anna 2 alive)
He returned to his village after the war. It is said he opened a candy store with his brother. It is said that there was never a finer candy on the continent

(If Tam dead but Anna 2 alive)
He returned to his village after the war with heavy grief in his heart. However, under the suggestion of his brother’s widow, the two opened a candy store. It is said he named his finest candy after his departed brother

(If Tam alive but Anna 2 dead)
He returned to his village with his brother after the war. With his brother losing himself in his sorrow, Tim rediscovered his first love, tending bar.

(If both Tam and Anna 2 dead)
He returned to his village with heavy grief in his heart. It is said he disappeared completely shortly after. It is also said rumors of a terrifying necromancer began to surface shortly after his disappearance.

Tam:
(If Anna 2 alive)
He returned to his village after the war where he promptly married one of the many Annas and opened a Candy store. It is said this candy was the finest in the land.

(If Anna 2 dead)
He returned to his village with heavy grief in his heart. They say he turned to drink to drown his sorrows. His sorrow was too much for the drink however.

Jerome:
The tales of his exploits spread far and wide as a legend of the battlefield, but in truth he was just a regular soldier with a job to do.

Anna 1:
(If Jake alive)
She left for parts unknown with her husband Jake after the war. It is not known where they traveled, but all know it had to be quite the adventure.

(If Jake dead)
She disappeared after the conflict. None know if it was out of grief, but it is said a redhead can be seen visiting Jake’s grave at the same time every year

Bede:
He served as Void’s adviser long after the war. It is said his pragmatic attitude on life was a great boon to Void, and helped her lead the kingdom to prosperity.

Jay:
He vanished after the war. Some say even now he gets involved in the art of translating.

Not Arch:
It is said that after the war, he finally finished his hack, Ylissian Knights, which despite being a fully finished rom hack, quickly became as infamous as a certain corrupt group for its quality

Kristan:
(If Bob alive)
It is said she married someone no one expected after the war. Despite the oddness of her relationship, she lived truly happily, and no one could take that from her.

(If Bob dead)
She vanished like the wind after the war. Tho none knew where she went, a mysterious knight known as Kursed appeared shortly after. This knight was said to know no emotion but rage.

Bob:
(If Kristan alive)
It was said he got his act together after the war, and settled down with someone no one expected. It is said these two had many babies, and not a day went by without chaos


(If Kristan dead)
He continued thieving after the war. It is said his crime eventually got him killed, but it is also said as he died, he was smiling.

Roshea:
He returned to Archanea after the war. His exploits are said to line Archanea’s history books

Prine:
She was accepted into the knighthood of the unnamed kingdom after the war. She eventually proved herself to be the finest knight in the realm.

Edge:
He vanished without a trace after the war

Samson: 
(If Arve alive)
Although he had a crush on Void, she did not reciprocate. Taking this in stride, he eventually found another woman who tickled his fancy… Even if she got mad at him every time he called her magic dark.

(If Arve dead)
Although he had a crush on Void, she did not reciprocate. Taking this in stride, he tried to find someone else to love, but he was unsuccessful. He never seemed to have a truly sour mood however.

Arve:
(If Samson alive)
It is said she married after the war, but her crusade to make people understand da- I mean Elder magic was never truly successful

(If Samson dead)
While she never married, it can never be said she lacked focus. The world never truly understood elder magic, but this was not due to her lack of trying

Tye:
He began leading the Unnamed Kingdom’s knights after the war. He became known as a general to truly be feared

Celicia:
She continued her study of magic, and eventually this led to her creating a new spell

Evester:
He left on a pilgrimage after the conflict, working as a barista in pubs to fund his journey.
Anna 2:
(If Tim and Tam Alive)
She went with her husband to his hometown. Her insatiable need for money eventually led her to force the brothers into opening a candy store. The candy was extremely expensive, but none denied its worth.

(If Tim alive but Tam dead)
She returned with Tim to Tam’s hometown to grieve with him. It is said her need for money eventually overcame her grief, and a candy store was opened, named after her dearly beloved.

(If Tim dead but Tam alive)
She went with her husband to his hometown. Her insatiable need for money eventually led her to force Tam into opening a candy store. The candy was extremely expensive, but none denied its worth.

Nikita: 
He continued to serve in the Unnamed Kingdom’s Knights after the war

Anna 3:
She vanished after the war. Many believe she was seeking Kaga; others believe she smelled money.

Edgeworth: 
After the war, he went back to his one true love: prosecution.

Zigludo:
Zigludo died in a fire.

Kaga:
After the war, he returned to the holy land of Vestaria. It is said he is expanding its borders using the twin blades “Localization” and “Gaiden” but none know how true this is for fact

Doot:
She returned to Valentia after the war. Her exploits line Valentia’s history books, but they for some unknown reason refer to her as “Delthea”

Doowile:
It is said he invited many guests to a banquet meal after the war. It is also said these guests were not informed they WERE the meal.

Evil Florina: 
She vanished after the war. Rumors abound, stating she’s near something known as “Staff AI”

Bjorn:
For Bjorn, the war only increased his bloodlust. He became a mercenary after the war. It is said there was no job he wouldn’t take.

Jake:
(If Anna 1 alive)
He left with his love on many an adventure. Although they were never reported to have children, many more Annas of the same family roam the world even today

(If Anna 1 dead)
He eventually found another Anna to love, however none could quell the sadness in his heart for the first Anna he loved.

Marf:
He returned to his homeland after the war. Sadly, the LP was never finished.

Tiki:
She returned to her homeland after the war. Eventually she accepted the waifufags, knowing they couldn’t last longer than a few decades at most. If only she could forget the idol phase

Mark:
He vanished after the war, just like the wind. Many question if he ever existed at all.






